Alright! In this video, we are going to do
some task planning. Our queue is
getting a little low so I got two help
wanted issues in there and a bug and a
couple things that we need to add in
here as well.
Issues I  have been tracking
definitely slacked off on the equals
method so we do need to get that
implemented. Now I do want to show you a
couple interesting things here. If you're
not very familiar with GitHub.
I'll show you a couple things here. Under
insights, we can see the recent activity,
contributors I did have one person so
far and submit some code via a pull
request. I believe that was French messages.
I do have two issues out there so you
could get up on the page here. The
community, there's not too much there.
What's interesting about the traffic, we
can see that we are seeing more and more
people clone this. So as as this gets
into the project, more people fork it.
This will definitely pick up and we can
see number of visitors are picking up as
to a number of people contributing to it.
And then finally the forks. This is
what I found interesting. We do have a
number of people that have forked a
repository. And again, if you have your
own GitHub repository, I highly recommend
doing this, to fork it and then modify it
as you go along inside of your own
GitHub repository. It is a great way to
show off your work to a perspective
employers. So what I wanted to do in this
video here is we are going to go in and
plan out some issues. We are getting
close to the end. We are about to
wrap up, not too far from wrapping up a
whole Spring Pet Clinic project. Things
are looking fairly good. So I have got a
list of issues here and we will go
through it and hopefully we don't have
too many more to plan after this. So
number one is to implement the vets
the list view. Now they only
provided a list option for vets so I'm
going to do the same. We don't have CRUD
operations there and then but what they
did was interesting. They also
implemented a JSON endpoint for vets.
So let's try a little RESTful style
endpoint for us to get a list of vets
and get a JSON object back. And then we
want to
add validation for owner, pet and visit.
So right now, we don't have any of those
so we want to get those added into the
system so we can do proper validations
and get messages coming back so we'll
get that cooking as well.
Then we have the opportunity to
implement a custom validator. I don't
think I showed this in the regular
course but we will show you how to do
that as well with Spring MVC.
So this is going to show us how to
handle errors. There's actually an
endpoint here. This error endpoint, we
don't haven't implemented this yet so
we will go ahead and add that in.
That's again just to show how to
handle errors a little bit gracefully.
I do cover that in the Spring MVC
portion of the course.
We're going to get into some caching.
Caching we haven't talked about in the
course. I actually want to expand on this.
Hopefully more at a future point in the
course, we'll get into some of the
caching options. Basically, caching is
a way to take data that does not change
very often. It's not good for dynamic
data but if you know something like
vets, it's a good option because vets
are probably going to work at the clinic
forever and really not change that often
so that's a good candidate for a caching
and what a cache is it will bring that
data into real memory and it can
significantly increase what performance
your application because you don't have
to go out to the database to fetch that
data. It would come right out of real
memory and be very fast. So we'll show
you how to set that up. Spring makes it
crazy stupid simple to do. Very very very
easy. And then next, we're going to start
doing with the database.
We are going to implement H2 Init
scripts. Right now, we are allowing
Hibernate to create the database. We're
going to actually provide initialization
scripts that will both create the
database and populate with data. I
don't think I showed this technique and
of course but we will get into that.
That's just a different way of doing it.
Gives us a lot of flexibility. Spring has
a lot of capabilities in that area. And
then we also want to do the same for
MySQL.
So we're going to do the same there and
we will be able to bring the database up
against H2 or permanent MySQL database.
So I'll cover that as well and then
let's...
We're going to add test
coverage to build. I've actually
started development on a testing course.
Hopefully when you're watching this,
it will be out. But here what we want to
do is provide a unit test coverage where
there's a Maven plugin that we can add.
Actually there's a couple of them but we
will get that configured and start
getting the test coverage published.
That will give us information about
how well we are doing with our unit test
coverage and our integration test
coverage.
Here's a task
to add the Git build information to
Spring Boot Actuator. This is a really
nice feature where we can add to git
commit information so that will get put
into a properties file and then when the
artifact is deployed you can go to
Spring Boot Actuator endpoint and see
what is running. So this is real nice
thing to do. I like to do it in
production. Very very handy to do. Again
in inside of production or actually
anything that you've deployed. Doesn't
matter if it's up to like a QA system or
UAT system or something. It's very
handy where you think version whatever
is running, be able to go into an endpoint of the running application say
that yes this is definitively what is
running because you do see some weird
stuff happening where you think hey I've
already fixed this and you start looking
at it and go wait a second, what's
actually running here? And sometimes you
will actually find that you've already
fixed something but the artifact did not
get deployed properly. So a very very
handy thing to have is this build
information on a Spring Boot Actuator
Endpoint. I'll show you how to do
that coming up in the course.
Add SonarCloud. So SonarCloud or SonarQube gives us a lot of
interesting metrics about our code
so we'll get that cooking. To do that, I
think we need to get the code coverage
going first so we got a little
dependency there. And then of course
we'll add in the SolarCloud build badge.
The last one is kind of boring here.
Update...
I'd better use direction so I'm going to go
ahead and submit that.
I've looked at the Spring guys. I got a
lot more rich information than what I
have on my page. I'd like to get this
database information on there and
running as well. So add in some of
that so we can get our readme page.
We're looking a little bit better. You
can see here. You can see my read
means a little sparse right now so
adding a task take care of that. So just
to recap here, we got 18 open issues now.
This is where the course is going to be
going. Going to be working these roughly in
the order that I added them in. But
obviously, we get a lot of interesting
stuff and we are in the final stretch
here of wrapping up this Spring Boot Pet
Clinic. Also as a reminder, I'll probably
add in some more Help Wanted tasks there
so if you see one and want to do it,
please go right ahead and submit a pull
request and I could be adding a video of
your contribution to our little Spring
Pet Clinic in the very near
future.